♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard.
There, they face off against
the mad scientist, Caesar Clown,
who has unleased a
terrifying bioweapon
known as "Land of the Dead."
Hoping to free the children
that he has taken captive,
the Straw Hats fight their
way through Caesar's lab,
while a cloud of poison gas
closes in behind them.
Now, Luffy faces off
with Caesar himself,
determined to capture him
and flee the island.
[CAESAR CLOW laughing]
Behold my full strength.
The true power of science!
Caesar may be strong,
but he's the kind of person
that Luffy hates the most.
[MARINE S yelps]
I-I'm sorry, Master! Spare me!
[USOPP] If anyone can make
Caesar pay, it's Luffy.
[yells]
Caesar!
I'm gonna finish you now
so I never see you again!
Now, die!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Grizzly Magnum!
[gasps]
[growling]
Wait, Straw Hat,
let's make a deal.
You can work under me.
Let's calm down for
a second and talk.
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
[gasps]
[LUFFY] "Raid! An Assassin
from Dressrosa!"
[growling]
[screams]
[LUFFY yelling]
[groaning]
[gasps]
[BROKER A]
What a load of nonsense.
He calls this an experiment?
Well, it's a disaster!
After this, he's done for.
Inform Mama toute de suite !
[PEKOMS growls]
Well, Joker? What's next?
[BROKER D]
Call Jack. He'll handle things.
[BROKER E] That's, uh,
kind of what I was afraid of.
I see. An alliance.
This is quite a pain.
Well, we can't
allow this, can we?
[MARINE O] Careful! The whole
place is comin' apart!
[MARINES]
Heave-ho! Heave-ho...!
Hurry up! Hurry! Hurry!
Mocha! Hang in there!
Don't worry!
You're gonna be just fine!
C'mon, med team!
Push! Let's move!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Uh, hey, Choppy?
I got kinda lost here.
You sure this is the way?
Not sure. I hope!
We should be running into the
rest of the crew pretty soon.
[USOPP]
Chopper, can you hear me?
[gasps]
Is that Usopp's voice?
[USOPP]
Keep heading straight for now,
then go down the stairs.
That's the easiest way to get
to R Building from there.
I need to close the shutters
before the gas gets in.
So make it quick!
Uh, thanks, I'll do my best!
You heard him, right?
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[MARINES yelling]
Come on, you got this.
Almost there you guys! Hurry!
[USOPP]
I may be safe in here,
but just watching
makes me nervous.
He never cared.
It was all just a lie.
You fools are nothing
but guinea pigs!
A hundred of you could die
and nobody would even notice
you were gone, let alone care!
You're the dregs of society!
He saved our lives just
so he could use us.
I don't know what to feel.
I don't know what to do now!
They better wrap this up quick.
If not, we'll all be dead.
Hey, look! The stairs!
We can do this!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
We're gonna make it, Mocha!
Hear that? Stay strong!
[BROOK]
Hello! Chopper!
[CHOPPER]
Uh! What's wrong?
It's Kin'emon! Just look at him!
The gas came and...
and then this happened!
Now he's as dead as me!
[gasps]
What?!
[BROOK coughing]
[CHOPPER] Okay, calm down.
Gimme the details.
Tragedy struck when we
were evacuating the children
from the exam room.
We were searching for Kin'emon's
lost son, Momonosuke.
We ran into a young
girl who knew him.
She said something odd.
He what?
Momonosuke has taken the form
of a dragon? Are you sure?
Uh-huh. It's a secret,
but it's true.
Uh! Oh, no.
Do you think that... the dragon
we sliced up earlier could be--?
Momonosuke!
I am the vilest monster
that ever lived!
[BROOK]
Kin'emon, please listen.
You cannot go back!
That area is surely
filled with gas by now.
Ah!
There it is! Quick!
We must turn around at once!
A warrior's spirit will guide
him through any obstacle,
be it deadly gas
or a blazing fire!
Momonosuke!
[BROOK] Warrior spirit or not,
that's impossible!
Then... this happened.
What was he thinking?
What should we do?!
You're a doctor, right?!
[USOPP]
Hey! Both of you!
Save your freakout
for another time!
Right now you need to move your
butts down those stairs, pronto!
The gas is right behind you!
[ALL scream]
Okay, kiddos, it's the final
stretch! You got this!
Good job, guys! I'm impressed!
Luffy!
[gasps]
Hey, Nami!
[NAMI]
Great! You're here already!
Oh no, what happened
to Brownie? Is he okay?
Yeah, he should be fine.
Well, actually, I don't know.
[gasps]
[MOMONOSUKE]
The children!
There! See! I told ya!
[LUFFY] And don't worry about
the kids, they'll be fine.
My friends are on their
way to help them.
Is that true?
[LUFFY] Yeah, and they
always keep their word.
Just worry about
yourself for now.
[chuckles]
Move it!
I gotta see Nami again
and you're holding me up!
[MARINE P]
This way!
--[MARINE Q] You've got it!
--[MARINE R] Come on!
Hey, did everyone else make it?!
I don't see Chopper.
That's not good.
He slowed down earlier to
give first aid to that girl.
And that's all I know.
What a mess.
We actually did it.
I thought you were
done for! What a relief!
Not here, huh?
C'mon, Smoker.
You sure we need
this? It's huge.
Yeah. That's the idea.
They use this cart
to haul SAD. Get it?
That means we can use
it to haul people.
We have children to transport,
and injured Marines, too.
And this whole lab is
done for. There's no time.
[LAW]
Straw Hat!
Traffy! Smokey!
Where'd you come from?
[MARINE E]
It's Trafalgar Law!
Huh? Ah! Smokey!
Huh? Hey! Look, guys!
He made it!
Hi, boss!
It's really you!
Thank goodness.
[MARINE J]
I was so scared!
Smokey!
Hold on. I'll report when
I'm done crying. One sec.
[SMOKER]
Shut your traps.
It's fine.
Hey, Straw Hat.
Where did Caesar go?
Oh! See that hole there?
I blew him straight thattaway!
Door kinda got busted.
What? No! The plan
was to kidnap him!
Why? He sucks!
C'mon, we should just
leave him behind.
That is not what
we both agreed on.
If he escapes from here,
the plan is ruined.
I don't care. I'm done.
Good riddance.
The point of having a plan
is to follow through with it.
I should've known better than
to trust you with anything.
We gotta get him back, now!
Bleh.
[NARRATOR] Although Law's plan
was far from complete,
the Straw Hats had
defeated Caesar,
freed the children,
and reduced his lab to ruins.
[NARRATOR] Undeterred by
its master's defeat,
Land of the Dead
continued its advance,
filling Building A
and most of Building B
with its poisonous mass.
[ALL screaming]
[NARRATOR] The control room
was safe for the time,
but its collapse was inevitable.
[USOPP] You guys are really
making me sweat here.
[gasps] C'mon, hurry!
[NARRATOR]
Luffy and his allies wait
near the only exit
from the island,
but Brook and Chopper
are nowhere to be found.
Hang in there, Brownie.
We're gonna fix you right up.
Chopper will be
here soon, I'm sure.
Hey, Luffy. You think...
they're okay?
[LUFFY]
Of course they are.
They'll get here.
I know they will!
[NARRATOR] A short time ago,
a strange sight could be seen
in the skies near Punk Hazard.
[NARRATOR]
Little did the Straw Hats know
what they were in for.
[BUFFALO grunting]
[BABY 5] Once this mission
is over, then I'm done.
I'll kill him. You hear me?
With my own hands.
I won't forgive you,
Joker! So cruel!
It wasn't enough to
blow up my dear fiancée--
you had to burn his
whole town to ash, too!
He did you no wrong!
How many men must you kill?
Every time I get engaged, you
blow my darling to little bits!
Eight men and eight towns!
Enough is enough!
Why won't he let me be happy?
Eeh! That's just how
he shows his love!
He's just protective!
He thinks of you like his little
sister. That sorta thing.
Him blowin' up a town or two's
just a sign of how
much he cares!
Besides, this only happens
'cause you haven't learned
how to say no to those chumps.
And what made him a "chump"?
He said he needed me.
How could I turn my back on him?
It's love at first sight.
Will you marry me?
What?!
[chuckling]
[ALL chuckling]
[BABY 5] Just ten days after
that sweet, innocent confession,
he became the eighth victim.
It's all my fault!
If he hadn't met me,
he'd still be alive!
Look, here's the deal.
Just 'cause someone asks,
you don't gotta say yes.
You don't need 50 newspaper
subscriptions. No one does!
And stop lending out
all of your money!
Or wasting it on crap
you don't need!
Sheesh! How much
debt do you got?
Why d'you care?
It's 98 million, that's all.
This is none of your
business. I'm fine.
If you're fine, lend me
some. Say, two mil?
What?!
[BABY 5]
He needs me!
Um... Can I pay you later?
[BUFFALO]
Mh-hm!
When we're done,
I need it to go gamblin'!
Okay, then.
Once we finish our mission, I'll
take out a new loan for you.
[BUFFALO grunting]
Joker needed me
to carry this out.
After that, it's over.
Bastard's as good as dead.
Neh! That's it! Punk
Hazard, straight ahead!
[BABY 5]
I can't see anything.
Caesar's gas is covering
the whole island.
[sighs]
If I shoot it,
will that help any?
No way. Hop off.
I've got this. No problem.
I'll be quick!
Sure. Try it.
[yells]
It's typhoon time. Let's go!
[BUFFALO]
Storm Gust... Matasaburo!
Huh?
They'll be here soon.
Caesar, Monet, and Vergo, too.
[laughs]
I sure can't wait to spend
all your money at the casino!
[whooshing]
[BUFFALO]
Hm? What's that weird noise?
[whooshing]
[BABY 5]
It's coming from the poison.
[gasps]
What?!
Did one of the tanks
just explode?
Nuh-uh. Something went
flying into the ship!
[gasps]
[BABY 5]
Not something. Someone.
[gasps] Wait, that's Caesar!
What the hell?!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Cu-lick!
[BUFFALO]
Joker, this is Buffalo.
I got some bad news.
[DOFLAMINGO]
What's up?
[BUFFALO]
Well, y'see, we made it,
but it looks like something
went down before we got here.
We just saw Master Caesar,
but he was all busted up.
He went flying outta the
lab and into the tanker,
like someone kicked
his ass hard.
Is that so?
I don't care what state he's
in--grab Caesar immediately.
Get outta there and
bring him to Dressrosa.
Cool. I'm on it, boss.
Be back in no time.
But Monet and Vergo!
Just do what he says.
There must be some reason.
[BUFFALO]
Okay! So long!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Cu-lick!
[chuckling]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Bunch of damned rookies.
Blow up the lab.
What the hell do I care?
It'll take more
than that to beat me.
All that matters is Caesar.
As long as I have him,
I can make all the SAD I need.
[laughing]
[LAW]
Hey, it's time. Let's move.
Get on the cart.
[grunts]
Looks bad! I wonder what
happened to the guy.
Wait, there's someone
down on the deck.
But that can't be right.
No way. Not with all that gas.
You're sure it's not just some
dead body or something?
[gasps] Wait a sec!
It's a robot!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Man, that is one messed
up lookin' bird!
[NARRATOR] As the countdown
to R Building's destruction
dwindles ever closer to zero,
Luffy continues to wait for
all of his friends to gather.
Meanwhile, outside, the powerful
team of Baby 5 and Buffalo
are challenged to an
intense two-on-one battle
by the tough-as-nails
General Franky!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Running Wild!
Invincible General Franky!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!